not in vain
In step of the country the 16th golden fishing opening tournament was held
from 10 o'clock
The sports competition began, with the participation of more
of 40 boats that crossed the waters of the Parana river in search of
precious tiger of the parana
equal record in 2009
the senator from erc bng
the winner of a taxi
the popular masses
they were days of life
but also like this
the day of Saturday was cloudy
and with a much lower temperature compared to the previous days,
record in 2009
the translators comes
the winner fight
the popular masses
rudy the conclusion of the fishing contest was in charge of the federation
fishing correntina
with the support in the uci with the naval prefecture argentina
who in his year of the bicentennial established a security operation and
promotion of the main actions
developed in the region
they walk June
at the end of the summer
nativity scene were walking
in today's session
now all
in chamartín
It is worth remembering that all the captured pieces were returned to the river with
a minimum measure of 30 centimeters for each piece charged min there
luis arming amaral pop did not explode
also like that